DOC Review forms section (#254)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/03_Forms/01_Validation.md

# Form Validation

> Silverstripe CMS provides server-side form validation out of the box through the [Validator](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Validator) class and its' child classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Silverstripe CMS provides server-side form validation out of the box through the [Validator](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Validator) abstract class and validator classes (e.g. `RequiredFields`) inheriting from it.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

## Form action validation

### `ValidationException`

At times it's not possible for all validation or recoverable errors to be pre-determined in advance of form

> submission, such as those generated by the form [Validator](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Validator) object. Sometimes errors may occur within form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submission, such as those generated by the form [Validator](api:SilverStripe\Forms\Validator). Sometimes errors may occur within form
```

Reviewer 2: Done. Also removed "object" in a couple other places where it was used in a similar context.
